README.md, before:

MARS-Schema
===========

# What is MARS?

MARS is a lean and simple modeling “language” created for describing IT environments and components and their relations. Unlike a CMDB, which was created to support manual processes and to provide human readable information (and therefore is very hard to setup and maintain), MARS was created with automated operations and visualization in mind. It contains just enough information to minimize the maintenance efforts.

The MARS model builds upon four basic types of objects with a single type of relationship. Basically the objects which are in fact called “nodes” represent both views - the business perspective and the technical view. The technical components are modeled in the machine and software layers while the application and resource layers describe the business view of the IT environment.

# What does MARS mean?

MARS is a wordplay with the initial letters of the four basis object types contained - __M__achine, __A__pplication, __R__essource and __S__oftware 


# How can I contribute?

See our [MARS Contribution Document](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details on submitting suggestions and starting discussions about MARS.

If you have general questions or need support please contact us at <mars@arago.de>

# Download

Current version: see [ChangeLog](CHANGELOG.md)

Download latest version of XML schema file from [here](schemas/MARSSchema2013.xsd)

# License

Please see [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for information about the licensing.

Commit message:

Added "What is MARS used for" to README

README.md, after:

MARS-Schema
===========

# What is MARS?

MARS is a lean and simple modeling “language” created for describing IT environments and components and their relations. Unlike a CMDB, which was created to support manual processes and to provide human readable information (and therefore is very hard to setup and maintain), MARS was created with automated operations and visualization in mind. It contains just enough information to minimize the maintenance efforts.

The MARS model builds upon four basic types of objects with a single type of relationship. Basically the objects which are in fact called “nodes” represent both views - the business perspective and the technical view. The technical components are modeled in the machine and software layers while the application and resource layers describe the business view of the IT environment.

# What does MARS mean?

MARS is a wordplay with the initial letters of the four basis object types contained - __M__achine, __A__pplication, __R__essource and __S__oftware 

# What is MARS used for?

MARS is currently incorporated in two different products, which are the [arago Autopilot for IT Operations](http://www.arago.de/autopilot-ce/) and [MARS-o-matic](http://www.marsomatic.com), which is an iPad App for modelling and benchmarking IT environment. Because MARS is based on an open XML format it is easy to implement and data stored in the MARS format could easily integrated into other software/services.

# How can I contribute?

See our [MARS Contribution Document](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details on submitting suggestions and starting discussions about MARS.

If you have general questions or need support please contact us at <mars@arago.de>

# Download

Current version: see [ChangeLog](CHANGELOG.md)

Download latest version of XML schema file from [here](schemas/MARSSchema2013.xsd)

# License

Please see [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for information about the licensing.
